x0y0 foreground_nothing
x1y1 foreground_start
x2y1 foreground_flat
x3y1 foreground_choice
x4y1 foreground_hill
x5y1 foreground_choice
x6y1 foreground_choice
x7y1 foreground_hill
x8y1 foreground_flat
x9y1 foreground_flat
x10y1 foreground_choice
x11y1 foreground_hill
x12y1 foreground_hill
x13y1 foreground_hill
x14y1 foreground_hill
x15y1 foreground_hill
x16y1 foreground_hill
x17y1 foreground_hill
x18y1 foreground_hill
x19y1 foreground_hill
x20y1 foreground_hill
x21y1 foreground_hill
x22y1 foreground_hill
x23y1 foreground_hill
x24y1 foreground_hill
x25y1 foreground_hill
x26y1 foreground_hill
x27y1 foreground_hill
x28y1 foreground_hill
x29y1 foreground_hill
x30y1 foreground_hill
x31y1 foreground_hill
x32y1 foreground_hill
x33y1 foreground_hill
x34y1 foreground_hill
x35y1 foreground_end